take advantage of this group of this
of this style the bossa nova per
start and deepen a speech
on the coordination I propose you of
keep the fixed base in hi-hat cases
then charleston case is flat and ringing
and exercise moving at night
in something like that he had
done before
let's start playing on the board and you'll find
you on pdf
the first table according to the third the
fourth the fifth until arriving the eighth
so let's move a note
it starts with the base and then everyone is
all slowly and then I insert
and exercise 338 excellent sound and e
this between tympanum and snare drum
in unison eg break 39
break number 40 of four measures